To setup connections between two seperate instances, follow the following steps : 

1. Initially, setup two seperate instances on your cloud. (Instance-1 and Instance-2)
	On setting them up, you'll get the public IP of both of these.
2. Install ansible on Instance-1, using the command "sudo apt-get install ansible". Press "y" when prompted.
3. Post the installation, go to the root of the instance, using command "sudo su".
	This will bring you to the directory like : root@instance-1:/home/[your_username]#
	Do "cd .." twice to get to the central directory.
4. Here, give command "ls" to check the contents of the root.
5. Go into the folder "etc" using "cd etc" to go inside this folder.
6. Then do an "ls" again to view the contents. Here you can see the folder "ansible".
7. Go inside this folder ("cd ansible") to check the contents.
8. Here you can see two files : one would be a config file, and other by the name "hosts".
9. The "hosts" file is the inventory for our ansible.
10. Open the file using the vi editor. Use the command "vi hosts".
11. On opening this, you can see all commented out lines.
12. Here, you have to add the IP address of the Instance-2.
	To add, first enter the insertion mode by pressing "i".
	Then take your cursor to any line and add the required IP address. Press "esc" and then "Shift+zz",
	you will come back to the ansible folder structure
13. After this, enter command "exit" to enter the user state again.
14. Here enter the command : "ssh-keygen -t rsa"
	A prompt will come to enter the filename where you want the key to be stored. Directly press enter,
	it will get stored in the default location.
	Then it will ask for a paraphrase, here enter any 5 characters. (You won't be able to see it, it's a secret :P)
	It will be asked for again, enter it, and press enter.
	Your key will get saved to the default location, and directory will be back to your user directory.
15. Here, enter the command "cd .ssh/". This will change your directory to the .ssh
16. Here three files will be present, check the file "id_rsa.pub". Just enter "cat id_rsa.pub".
	You will be able to see the contents of this file, which is your public key.
	Copy the complete key.
17. Now go the to google cloud VM instances page in the browser. Here you can see both your instances.
18. Click on "instance-2". This will open the VM instance details page.
	Here, on scrolling down, you will be able to see one section for "ssh keys". Here there will be 
	a prompt saying, you have one ssh key. Click on that and paste the key that we copied in step 16
	Press enter and click save at the end of the page. (Let me know if you face some issue here)
19. After this, go the "Instance-1" console, enter the command "ansible all -m ping".

These steps will ensure connection from instance-1 to instance-2.



